docs: adds recommentations on how to add or change audits (#182)
woodruffw/zizmor: docs/development.md

## Adding or modifying an audit

### Before getting started

Before adding a new audit or changing an existing one, make it sure that you discussed required
details in a proper GitHub issue. Most likely there is a chance to uncover some implementation
details even before writing any code!

Some things that can be useful to discuss beforehand:

- Which criticality should we assign for this new finding?
- Which confidence should we assign for this new finding?
- Should this new audit be pedantic at all?
- Does this new audit require using the Github API, or is it entirely off-line?

> - Etc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> When working with `zizmor` audits,  there are a couple of implementation details to be aware of.
> In particular:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing a new `zizmor` audit, there are a couple of implementation details to be aware of:
```

> - all existing audits live in a Rust modules grouped under `src/audit` folder
> - the expected behaviour for all audits is defined by the `WorkflowAudit` trait at `src/audit/mod.rs`
> - the expected outcome of an executed audit is defined by the `Finding` struct at `src/finding/mod.rs`
> - any `WorkflowAudit` implementation can have access to an `AuditState` instance, as per `src/state.rs`
> - if an audit requires data from the GitHub API, there is a `Client` implementation at `src/github_api.rs`
> - all the audits must be registered at `src/main.rs` according to the `register_audit!` macro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All existing audits live in a Rust modules grouped under `src/audit` folder
- The expected behaviour for all audits is defined by the `WorkflowAudit` trait at `src/audit/mod.rs`
- The expected outcome of an executed audit is defined by the `Finding` struct at `src/finding/mod.rs`
- Any `WorkflowAudit` implementation can have access to an `AuditState` instance, as per `src/state.rs`
- If an audit requires data from the GitHub API, there is a `Client` implementation at `src/github_api.rs`
- All the audits must be registered at `src/main.rs` according to the `register_audit!` macro
```

> Last but not least, it's useful to run the following checks before raising a Pull Request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last but not least, it's useful to run the following checks before opening a Pull Request:
```

cargo fmt
cargo clippy -- -D warnings
cargo test
```

### Adding a new audit

The general procedure for adding a new audit can be described as:

- Define a new file at `src/audit/my_new_audit.rs`
- Define a struct like `MyNewAudit` and implement the `WorkflowAudit` trait for it
- You may want to use both the `AuditState` and `github_api::Client` to get the job done
- Assign the proper YML `location` when creating a `Finding`, grabbing it from the proper `Workflow`, `Job` or `Step` instance
- Register `MyNewAudit` in the known audits at `src/main.rs`
- Add proper integration tests covering some scenarios at `tests/acceptance.rs`
- Add proper docs for this new audit at `docs/audits`. Please add related public information about the underlying vulnerability

> - Raise your Pull Request!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open your Pull Request!
```

- Add proper docs for this new audit at `docs/audits`. Please add related public information about the underlying vulnerability
- Raise your Pull Request!

> > Remember : when in doubt, you can always refer to existing implementations as well!

Reviewer: You can use a callout for this:

```suggestion
!!! tip

    When in doubt, you can always refer to existing audit implementations as well!
```

### Changing an existing audit

The general procedure for changing an existing audit is:

- Locate the existing audit file at `src/audit`
- Change the behaviour to match new requirements there (e.g. consuming a new CLI info exposed through `AuditState`)
- Ensure that tests and samples at `tests/` reflect changed behaviour accordingly (e.g. the confidence for finding has changed)
- Ensure that `docs/audits` reflect changed behaviour accordingly (e.g. an audit that is no longer pedantic)

> - Raise your Pull Request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open your Pull Request
```
